Add step(), min() and max() in promql duration expressions (#16777)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/feature_flags.md

parentheses. Without parentheses, only the first duration value will be used in
the offset calculation.

> Additionally, `step()` can be used in duration expressions.

Reviewer: PR is also adding `min` and `max` operators, let's mention them here if it was intentional.

parentheses. Without parentheses, only the first duration value will be used in
the offset calculation.

`step()` can be used in duration expressions.
For a **range query**, it resolves to the step width of the range query.
For an **instant query**, it resolves to `0s`. 

> `min(<duration>, <duration>)` and `max(<duration>, <duration>)` functions can be used to find the minimum or maximum of two duration expressions.

Reviewer 2: Either

```suggestion
The `min(<duration>, <duration>)` and `max(<duration>, <duration>)` functions can be used to find the minimum or maximum of two duration expressions.
```

or

```suggestion
`min(<duration>, <duration>)` and `max(<duration>, <duration>)` can be used to find the minimum or maximum of two duration expressions.
```

(Just wordsmithing here.)

* `1h / 2` is the equivalent to `30m` or `1800s`
* `4h % 3h` is the equivalent to `1h` or `3600s`
* `(2 ^ 3) * 1m` is the equivalent to `8m` or `480s`

> * `step()+1` is the equivalent to the query step witdh increased by 1s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `step() + 1` is the equivalent to the query step width increased by 1s.
```

* `1h / 2` is the equivalent to `30m` or `1800s`
* `4h % 3h` is the equivalent to `1h` or `3600s`
* `(2 ^ 3) * 1m` is the equivalent to `8m` or `480s`
* `step() + 1` is the equivalent to the query step width increased by 1s.

> * `max(step(), 5s)` is the equivalent to the maximum value between the query step width and `5s`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `max(step(), 5s)` is equivalent to the larger of the query step width and `5s`.
```

> * `min(2 * step() + 5s, 5m)` is the equivalent to the minimum value between the query step increased by `5s` and `5m`.

Reviewer 2: Another nit: This whole section (including the old lines) should be changed. It's either "x is equivalent to y" or "x is the equivalent of y". I propose the former as it is shorter.

> * `min(2 * step() + 5s, 5m)` is the equivalent to the minimum value between the query step increased by `5s` and `5m`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `min(2 * step() + 5s, 5m)` is equivalent to the smaller of twice the query step increased by `5s` and `5m`.
```
